Synopsis
Haruki Kitahara's light music club is on the verge of disbanding. At this rate, the third year's dream of performing at the school festival would never be realized. However, as his exhausted fingers drift through the chords of "White Album," the first song he would ever play, an angelic voice and mysterious piano begin harmonizing with his lonely guitar. It is a momentous performance that marks the beginning of everything for Haruki.

White Album 2 orchestrates Haruki's final semester with complex romance and exhilarating music, as the curtains of the stage he so desired begin to open...


Background
No background information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding background information here.

No promotional video has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a promotional video here.




White Album, a song for the season.

All of this is from memory. I don’t think my memory is the best. So there’s bound to be some inaccuracies, perhaps more temporal than factual. I cut out the existence of numerous side characters within Concluding Chapter. They are affable, but not essential to the main storyline. There may be discrete entries written about each particular heroine, but try not to count on it.
Flip a page to see the next segment. There are embedded pictures, so I didn’t want to spoil out of each respective section. I suggest reading it chronologically.
If you’re a Setsuna fan, do not skip the Touma routes. If you’re a Touma fan, do not skip the Setsuna routes. I’ve written this so no information repeats. So, if you skip a section, you’ll skip too much.
A summary, regardless of how detailed, cannot replace actually reading through the story. I highly recommend actually reading the work. But for some, that’s not a practical choice. So for those who cannot be bothered, this entry exists.
This isn’t an entirely objective summary. It includes much sentimentality, and preferences to specific characters. But I include, and try my best to define each character as they are. The feeling that you get when reading this should be akin to listening to an orator telling a story, than of reading historical text. It might not be for everyone. In the end, do note that no matter how holistic, or detailed a summary may be, it will invariably fail in properly conveying the sentiments of the work.
After ~70 revisions, I think this post is in its final form. Of course, this is a lie. I constantly remember things. I’ll note when the last update is. If the number is bolded, it means that within the last 2 revisions, there were immense changes. If not, it was probably a grammatical fix. If you note any mistakes, then let me know via the comments on either this entry, or my MAL profile. Looking back, this entry was written in a stream of consciousness. I had attempted to chronologically recall 50 hours worth of material within the span of a few hours as I typed this out. While there shouldn’t be any particular egregious grammatical errors, the writing style might be a bit aggravating for some. If someone wants to volunteer to rewrite this, using the same information and motivation, then message me either over MAL, or email mdlolvwz@gmail.com
Brief Discussions are now included at the end of each Coda route. These offer additional commentary as to the nature of the work, and were written nine months after the initial read.